I cannot tell you or thank you enough for
what you have done for
the gay communities.
So, thank you.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Well, it was,
it's one of the things
that I'm proudest of,
because my whole political
career has based on the idea
that we constantly want to include
people and not exclude them.
How do we bring more and
more people into opportunity and
success and
feeling hopeful about their lives?
But I will say, we were driving
over here today and I meant this,
I said it to my staff,
I said as much as we done with laws and
ending Don't Ask, Don't Tell,
etc., changing hearts and minds,
I don't think anybody's more
influential than you on that.
I really mean that.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> That's true.
So the-
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Your courage and,
you're just really likable and so-
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> So, as soon you being willing to claim
who you were then suddenly
empowers other people and
then suddenly it's your brother,
it's your uncle, it's your best friend,
it's your coworkers, and
then attitudes shift.
And the laws followed, but
it started with folks like you.
I'm so proud of you.
>> Well, thank you, that's-
>> Yeah, it's true.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Really sweet, thank you.
>> It's true.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> I'm not really gay.
>> [LAUGH]
>> But on TV, you play one, and
it was great.
>> I know,
I just thought it would work, and-
>> [LAUGH]
>> I've had to stick with it,
cuz people responded well.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Sort of like the dancing thing.
>> Yeah, [LAUGH] exactly.
>> You just kinda keep on going.
>> Exactly.